Hi, शुक्षा. How are you? Hi. I'm fine, doctor. How are you? I'm doing great. So we have booked a consultation for Oreo. Right? Yeah. Right. Right. So if my information is right, Oreo is a five year old male Labrador, right? Yes. Correct. Correct. And how's Oreo doing generally? Good? Generally, he's a very playful dog. He's he's a very good boy. But, like, if I talk about the symptoms recently, like for a week I have been noticing he's been very lazy and he's not you know being playful like you always do. So and also I have particularly noticed that after you know taking rest for a while he's not willing to wake up. He's having some kind of a walking problem is what I've noticed. So when you say he's generally very playful and right now for for a week he has not been playful Yeah. What do you mean? Like, generally, how many hours he played repeating? I mean, there's not exact count. Yeah, he's generally, like, for the whole day, he's very active. Like, even if or I would say two time two hours a day. Like, he he's he's playing, like, properly. But then for a week now, it it has drastically reduced. Drastically reduced to how how much? I mean, it's not more than thirty minutes to be very specific. Ok. But, yeah, and also, like, I've I've noticed kind of him facing a problem while he's walking. Mhmm. And I've noticed he's not willing to, you know, wake up or, like, a walk for distance. He's usually laying down one corner, especially after, you know, he's done resting for a while. And that's not usually how he is. I'm really concerned about it. Like, what has happened, what has gone wrong with that. Okay. Is he, like, showing some whining or something like that when while just getting up and walking? Yeah. Yeah. Right. I have been noticing that. And, also, along with, you know, he's not, again, as I told you, he's he's not able to walk properly. Like, his his posture is very, you know, unusual. Okay. So help me understand better. He's vaccinated and devolved. Right? Yes. Yes. Yes. Last month only I did it. I I mean, both the vaccination and deworming is done. What about tick and flea control? No. Actually, the tick and flea has to be done. It has not done yet. Not been done? No. No. Okay. So you've never done tick and flea control? I have done it, but, like, it's been a while now. Okay. Okay. So okay. So he has become very lazy? Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. So let me do one thing. Let me examine him and let's see. Ok ok ok. Ok. So I've examined Oreo. So two three things I'll I'll have to tell you. So one thing is you have to do the decanpling control. That's very important. Okay. So you need to depending on the medication that you're using Yeah. Say there are some odd figures called filpronol and esmithopurin Okay. Which need to be done every month around. Okay. There are some agents called fluorolana, which will give you around three months of protection. Okay. There are other agents called salalana, which gives you one month protection. Okay. They again, more agents are there. Moxylectine, Imidaglopril is there, which gives you around one month protection. Again, Salamitin is there, which gives you around one month protection. But always better to go with flourenab also called Travetto. So I'll give you the prescription according to give you the prescription for everything. Yeah. I'll put an or. You can select. Oh. And bye. So the second thing is that I've examined him on the neurological things and orthopedic things Okay. Regarding the nervous system and bones. So I have not found anything significant in say, opinion neurologically. He's doing perfectly fine. Okay. But I have observed some problems in his hip joint. Okay. Okay. So there is a test called Ultraline test, which I did, which came out to be positive. Okay. Okay. Yeah. But that's a very passive way of testing. You have to do a confirmatory test using an X-ray wherein we try to measure an angle called the Noble Gangle which gives a confirmatory diagnosis on whether the animal is having the disease that I am suspecting. Also I am a little concerned about his stifle joint. This kind of symptoms that you said can be something related to something called petullar luxation. That can also happen. Okay. Okay. So I would want you to bring Oreo to the clinic, any of the clinic nearby and get an x-ray done of different angles. Anterior posterior also you need to done, lateral also you need to done. Also spine also I just want to take, you to take because sometimes it can be a combination of spinal things also. It can be neurological. Pain might be there, but you'll not find it in the reflexes. So I want to take him to the hospital. Is there any other way? Like, can it be done at home? Because, you know, see I've been working all week and I I usually don't get time. Okay? I come home late also sometimes. And also I'm I'm I'm a little concerned when it when it's about taking your pet to the clinic because there is chances of infections and there is clearly less concern I have. I usually don't prefer taking my pet to the clinic. Could you say there is some way that we can do it at home itself? So And also, as far as the money is concerned, it's not a problem. I I just want it to be done at home because I want I, you know, I don't want to be concerned about the careless. The money I'm not concerned about. It can be, I'm very flexible with it. Just can you do it at home instead of lowering the clinic? So it is not always about the money. Sometimes you'll have to do certain things so that the diagnosis can be done properly so that the treatment is right. Okay. So again, can you please bring him to hospital? See, as I told you, I am really concerned about the failure and the, you know, kinds of inspections. Because I have had my recent colleagues who have faced the same thing. They had their pets who, like, got infectious, and they the condition got worse after they went to the clinic. Okay. So I'm really concerned about that. So, like, could you please understand my point and yeah. Okay. Okay. Understandable. Yeah, perfectly understandable. Ok, so then I'll do one thing. First thing, he is hobbies, very hobbies. What what do you feed him generally? I generally feed him the home food like, you know, the rice and sambur usually. He eats a lot? He eats twice a day, but then the quantity is a little more. Like, it's more, you know, you can say one fourth bowl or something like that. No vegetables? Nothing? No. No. There's no vegetables. Once in a while, give him egg white or something. But, yeah, basically, it's just realizing somewhere. Okay. So the problem is that he is very obese. Okay. So generally, Labradones are obese. Yeah. So we might not be knowing because all the Labradones up there are obese. Yeah. Correct. But the condition that I'm suspecting came off is something called hip dysplasia. When you have this you know good baldness its joints. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So our hip joint is also a baldness of its joint. Right. Hip in hip dysplasia. Dysplasia means going into a ancient version. Like, that it's a degenerative condition. Okay. Okay. Okay. So something is generated. Now it could degenerate it. Like, it is going into a, you know, not a proper working thing. Okay. Okay. So the socket of the bone and socket joint, socket is getting lesser in, like, the socket coverage of the bone is reducing. Okay. Socket coverage of the bone is getting reduced. So what happens is that when the socket coverage of the bone is getting reduced, the ball in the ball and socket joint will start fumbling around. Okay. I noted. So moving ahead, it can be a CPL version, say, three hip dysplasia, which becomes very difficult to manage. Okay. And from the physical examination, sir, up to a certain level, it is properly diagnosable. Okay. So autologous is possible positive, which means high chances of hip dysplasia. So first thing for this is to control the body weight. Even one pound reduction in body weight can give a massive relief when it comes to hip dysplasia. Okay. Got it. Yeah. So the thing is that one pound is getting concentrated to that much smaller area of the socket. Right? So moving ahead, the body weight is reduced. The pressure will come down and the displacement will the symptoms will start reducing, and the degeneration the pace of degeneration can also reduce. Okay. Okay. Okay? So right now, for the pain management, I will prescribe you a certain medication okay. For the pain management. Okay. On top of that to to improve the joint quality I'll prescribe a supplement. The name of the supplement is contravent force etching. The name of the pain medication is ferrocarcin which is a very tolerable long term usable pain medication. Long term usage might not be required. Secondly, thirdly I am going to prescribe you a supplement. Another supplement omega-three, omega-six fatty acids. So that will help in again reducing the symptoms and it will reduce the inflammation. Okay. Okay. This thing if not properly managed can turn into arthritis also. Oh. This can again complicate things. So dirty management is very required. So So right now, start these medications. On top of that, controlling obesity is important. Okay. So I'll prescribe you an obesity diet Yeah. Which you can use for some time till the body weight is becoming propellant. The body condition score is getting proper. Okay. After that, we will stop these medications and convert into a joint diet so the joint quality improves. Okay. I see. Okay. Yeah. We you will have to start doing physiotherapy also. I'll give a return detail about how the physiotherapy can be done. Right. Mhmm. Yeah. If you can take him for swimming, it'll be great. Okay. Okay? Okay. High impact exercises should be avoided. Again, high impact exercises will cause more pressure onto the joint. Right? Okay. Okay. Just like how body weight is creating pressure, high impact exercising, jumping immediately. Yeah. Yeah. Landing on the floor immediately will create more pressure on the joint. Right? Right. That can also worsen the condition. Right. Right. That should be avoided. Right. Take him for a walk. Take him for a swim. Make him walk in sandy surfaces. Yeah. Make him go to a beach and make him walk on the beach. Make him walk on the lawns and everything. Actually, what you can do is you can do something about a sit, stand, step exercise. Make him sit, make him stand, make him step and give a treat. Oh. We'll take that continuously. Okay. So that the joint movement happens. Mhmm. I see. Help improve the blood circulation towards the joint and help reduce the degeneration. Right. Okay. Okay? Okay. If all these things are done properly, we'll be able to manage this. There's no cure for this. There is a surgical intervention that can be done, which is called FHO, femoral headache ostectomy, which can be done. Mhmm. Later, if required, we'll do that. But till then, it can be properly managed. We'll I'll give you the prescription on all these things, you know, into the detailed plan on how we need this thing to be done. Okay. Perfect. Hope I'll explain with you? Yes. Yes. Perfectly fine. Yep. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Then. Yep. Okay. Take care. Thank you. Thank you, doctor. Bye.