Veterinarian: Hi Rakesh, Bunny. How is your cat? She looks a little dull today.
Pet Parent: Hi doctor. She has been very low since yesterday. She is not vomiting but she is lying in one place. She has been silent and not eating recently.
Veterinarian: Actually, how is she? I changed her food only last week, but she was eating until two days ago. Suddenly she stopped eating.
Pet Parent: Yes, doctor.
Veterinarian: Let's check her temperature now.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: It is 103.5 degrees Fahrenheit. She has a fever.
Pet Parent: Oh doctor, is it serious?
Veterinarian: Don't worry. Fever is common in cats. Sometimes it is viral, sometimes due to stress. It can be both. Have there been any changes at home recently or travel around your house?
Pet Parent: Yes, actually the house was painted recently. There was a full smell and sound, so maybe she got stressed.
Veterinarian: Yes, cats commonly get stressed by sudden changes. I will give her a fever injection and one appetite stimulant.
Pet Parent: Sorry doctor, at home I have a humidifier.
Veterinarian: You keep her in a quiet room. Keep her away from paint smell and noise. Give her wet food which has a strong smell. It might tempt her to eat and improve her appetite. Water is important.
Pet Parent: I will make sure she is always drinking water. She is not drinking any water now.
Veterinarian: The most important thing is lukewarm water or chicken broth. Add a little salt. Boil it well. If she is not drinking any fluids, then we might have to put her on fluids immediately.
Pet Parent: Okay doctor.
Veterinarian: Even boiled chicken can be given.
Pet Parent: Okay, that would be perfect.
Veterinarian: But do not give too much or drastic food, it might upset her stomach.
Pet Parent: Sorry doctor, what about medicine?
Veterinarian: I will give her liquid medicine so that it is easy to give by mouth. You can put the drops in the broth or lukewarm water.
Pet Parent: Okay doctor.
Veterinarian: If she does not take the drops in chicken broth or water, use a syringe and put it on the side of her mouth. In case she spits it out and has not taken any medication.
Pet Parent: Okay doctor.
Veterinarian: If in two days the appetite is not back and she remains lethargic, we will do a blood test to see if there is any other issue.
Pet Parent: Sorry doctor, thank you so much.
Veterinarian: No problem, bye.
Pet Parent: Thank you.