Veterinarian: Hi Rakesh, Bunny. How is your cat? She looks a little dull today.
Pet Parent: Hi doctor. She has been very low since yesterday. She is not vomiting but she is lying in one place. She has been silent and not eating recently.
Veterinarian: Actually, how is she? I changed her food only last week, but she was eating until two days ago. Suddenly she stopped eating.
Pet Parent: Yes, doctor.
Veterinarian: Let's check her temperature now.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: It is 103.5 degrees Fahrenheit. She has a fever.
Pet Parent: Oh doctor, is it serious?
Veterinarian: Don't worry. Fever is common in cats. Sometimes it is viral, sometimes due to stress. It can be both. Have there been any changes at home recently or travel around your house?
Pet Parent: Yes, actually the house was painted recently. There was a full smell and sound, so maybe she got stressed.
Veterinarian: Yes, cats commonly get stressed by sudden changes. I will give her a fever injection and one appetite stimulant.
Pet Parent: Sorry doctor, at home I have a humidifier.
Veterinarian: You keep her in a quiet room. Keep her away from paint smell and noise. Give her wet food which has a strong smell. It might tempt her to eat and improve her appetite. Water is important.
Pet Parent: I will make sure she is always drinking water. She is not drinking any water now.
Veterinarian: The most important is lukewarm water or chicken broth. Add a little salt. Boil it well. If she is not drinking any fluids, then we might have to put her on fluids immediately.
Pet Parent: Okay doctor.
Veterinarian: Even boiled chicken is good.
Pet Parent: Okay, that would be perfect. Even boiled chicken.
Veterinarian: Are you giving her too much? Drastic changes might upset her stomach.
Pet Parent: Sorry doctor, I have medicine. I will give her liquid medicine so that it is easy to give by mouth. I will put drops in the broth.
Veterinarian: Giving medicine in lukewarm water drops is fine. If she is not taking it, you can use a dropper or syringe to put it on the side of her mouth.
Pet Parent: Okay doctor.
Veterinarian: If in two days the appetite is not back and she is very lethargic, then we will do a blood test to see if there is any other issue.
Pet Parent: Sorry doctor, thank you so much.
Veterinarian: No problem, bye.
Pet Parent: Thank you.