Hi राकेश, bunny. How's your cat? She looks a little dull today. Hi doctor. How do, she's been very low since yesterday. ऊटा मार्था नहीं है लाह. Vomiting but she is lying in one place. Silent treats, kotidirar recently. Actually, how do? I changed her केवल last week, but, she was eating until two days back. Suddenly stop, मार्त बिट्टेदारे. Serena, now temperature check मार्तिन मोडलूं. Okay. Hundred and three point five degree Fahrenheit. Fever. I doctor, serious. Don't worry. Common in cats. Sometimes viral, sometimes stress. It can be both. Changes at home recently or travel around your house. Yes, actually house painting full smell and sound and maybe at the case she would have gotten stressed. Yes, cats common. Sudden changes are very stressful. नानालगुन fever injection and one appetite stimulant कोर्तिनी. Sorry doctor. At home है ना ध्रुमार्वे का नानू. You keep her in a quiet room. Paint, smell, noise Keep her in that room and you give her wet food which has a strong smell. So it might tempt her to eat. At least our appetite improve and water is important. I'll make sure that she's always drinking water. She's not drinking any water. Aulge main important andre lukewarm water. इलाandre chicken broth. यादल उप्पा किला. Aduna boil मार्बित कौड़ी. इन्नू इन्नू if she's not drinking any kind of fluids, then we might have to put her on fluids. Immediately if she's drinking lukewarm water, chicken broth, consume immediately we might have to put her on fluids. Okay okay doctor. Even a boiled chicken तिनबोदा. Okay, that would be perfect. Even boiled chicken कोड़ी. Are you solpany कोड़ी? Too much, drastic कोड़र, it might upset her stomach. Sorry doctor, medicine है कोड़बे को. ना निमकोड़तीरों दोन liquid medicine, so that कि easy आंख बोदार कोड़के. इतना आंकड़ अंसल पर drops और उटका की or, you know, put it in the broth. इलाजें lukewarm water drops. इलाज कद्रू, it's fine. And, in case she's not taking, इंद्रें you you drop chicken broth, water bottle and syringe alhaki and then put it on the side of her mouth. So in case she spits this out and she has not taken any kind of medication, doctor, ok. I thought, in two days, if the appetite is not back, he gave she's the same way and very lethargic, then we'll do a blood test and see if there is anything, any other issue. Sorry doctor, thank you so much. No problem, bye. Thank you.