Some latest report. Latest one already. Regarding the warranty itself. For this one? So there's one more. I will send you the recent report. Yeah. There's probably one more after this, but this is pending. Did he have any coffee and or difficulty? Little bit. Yeah. I mean, when he was going to vomit, but With the he mean, without vomiting, but he No. No. Just vomiting down on the beach. With yeah. With vomiting down the beach. You can do your session. No no, stop that. We just doing half like the the last visit is a dukan top at night with small amount of food. But yeah, still he's kind of Still having that vomiting? Yeah. Yesterday, yeah, he vomiting, like, full, like, like, two, three times. What is the best? What can I help you? So if we take him off this getting a gastro canned food, Roy, if we give anything else, he'll be his stomach goes through it. So, yeah, just that can. Just the gastric bakes? Yeah. For maybe six months, seven months. He's the tapping. Mhmm. Yeah. Any supplement that you're adding from regularly? He's a joint supplement and the kidney supplement. I'm not adding it. Kidney supplement, and then he has safe harts cardio support, and then gabapentin for the carteritis and stuff. These all things currently are going on? Going on, yeah. So the the joint diet and and the gaba. And the CK, you know, and the heart. Heart nerve, yeah. So, because we will use so many medication. So, overtime the gastric phythm have depleted and have been easily removed. What do you think then? Removing this PK, you know, or something that's not essential, you take it off? No no, I can't get it because I don't know what's the condition. I know that this is working for his, like, his other kidney heart doesn't seem to be going down. It seems to be stable. So you think it could just be caused by the medication? A lot of medication or whatever it is, it's gonna go up from your heart. But they do avoid those things or not, if you consult this doctor. The previous doctor, yeah. Doctor, whether you stop it or not. Yeah, ok. So the best thing right now what we can do is, we give injections, to release the warranty. But if you just got one, like, one month back, is it recommended? What And we got some antacid injection. Is that the same? Antacid will be a tablet form. The patient will be topped on. Ok, but if that was given, same thing was given one month before. You? No no no, the medication still takes out a little bit later. So you can give it, there is no risk. We are not giving any something different. The same thing, this is just stop the vomiting. I gave this already today, half tablet. This one, any set you have give already? Today, x o s. Ok ma'am. Ok.