Pet Parent: Okay. I'll get a minute. Okay. Thank you. Bye bye.
Pet Parent: Okay. Milo. So that also once an ice will be there. Check the temperature. I also noticed he has started scratching him.
Pet Parent: Okay. No, no, no, no, not a thing. But maybe the area.
Pet Parent: Okay, okay. It's like he's staying completely indoors, so at least once in two weeks he's getting it.
Pet Parent: Okay. No need to take him to the clinic, grooming center, and out. The ones that try here, yes, they won't actually.
Pet Parent: I don't think when was it? Maybe in May I tried to take him to the bathroom, but that is upstream.
Pet Parent: Yes. Right. Yeah. I got a snatchers.
Pet Parent: Hello?
Veterinarian: So what do you think of his weight for his age?
Pet Parent: The weight is okay, sir. So he is one point four years.
Veterinarian: One point four years?
Pet Parent: I have lobbies.
Pet Parent: One minute.
Pet Parent: Hello?
Pet Parent: Or should I stand?
Pet Parent: Hello?
Veterinarian: Yeah, that's a yearly vaccination.
Veterinarian: Can you just hold this way?
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: Okay. Sir, one week you can apply that amount right there with a call. Very minor, right sir?
Veterinarian: Minus two hundred is enough. But once you should completely clean it early. That is enough.
Veterinarian: Okay. But in case under is any minor resolution, sir, that is in there.
Veterinarian: Now we have that, right? So maybe after two to three days you deliver.
Veterinarian: Yeah. So it's a tablet right now?
Pet Parent: One tablet is fine.
Veterinarian: Now is five KG, right?
Pet Parent: Yes.
Veterinarian: But the formula definitely one KG.
Pet Parent: Yes.
Veterinarian: One tablet.
Pet Parent: You have tablet three?
Pet Parent: I have to get the tablet you use.
Pet Parent: I'll take the standard as we always need.
Veterinarian: This is nice.
Veterinarian: Other than that too, there's no problem.
Pet Parent: Correct, ma'am.
Veterinarian: Healthy.
Veterinarian: So I prescribe two.
Veterinarian: So you give one and a half.
Pet Parent: Okay?
Veterinarian: Okay. So it should be in one.
Veterinarian: Any time but once?
Veterinarian: No, actually once in two months or two.
Veterinarian: He is paying mostly in the right?
Pet Parent: Three months.
Veterinarian: Three months?
Veterinarian: Once in three months.
Veterinarian: That is based on this.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: So four KG one tablet is enough.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: So you can give one tablet.
Veterinarian: After two days you can.
Veterinarian: Like mild fever or mild, mild notice for today or tomorrow.
Veterinarian: But of is the fever of the vaccine.
Pet Parent: Thank you so much.
Veterinarian: So apart from that apply the ointment on the affected area.
Pet Parent: Before that I have to wash it?
Veterinarian: You have to just wipe it with the wet side.
Veterinarian: Pet wipes are available.
Pet Parent: Yeah, yeah.
Veterinarian: Or else you can take some copper and debo motor and wipe it.
Veterinarian: And also if possible you can trim and apply but.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: When you take the trimmer you can just remove your hair and then you apply the only.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: Apart from that heating finely.
Veterinarian: What's the feeding, sir?
Pet Parent: It's a feeder.
Pet Parent: So six of four months and then whenever.
Pet Parent: Yes, yeah, directly.
Pet Parent: But he doesn't like, but I have tried one.
Pet Parent: So he is not bothered to eat that.
Pet Parent: But try to change other companies, not other companies.
Pet Parent: Because yeah, I want to include that but since I have brought him from PAN account with just one month.
Pet Parent: So let him get adjusted and then.
Pet Parent: And then you can change it.
Pet Parent: Or you can also try any good food like.
Veterinarian: We have been on which?
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: You can give something.
Pet Parent: Okay, pure.
Veterinarian: Okay.
Pet Parent: Like a pure. You can.Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: The fever is from the vaccine. Thank you so much. Apart from that, apply the appointment on the affected area.
Pet Parent: Before that, do I have to wash it?
Veterinarian: You have to just wipe it with a wet side. Pet wipes are available.
Pet Parent: Yeah, yeah.
Veterinarian: Or else you can take some copper and debo motor and wipe it. Also, if possible, you can trim and apply.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: When you take the trimmer, you can just remove the hair and then apply only.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: Apart from that, heating finely.
Pet Parent: What's the feeding, sir?
Veterinarian: It's a feeder. So six of four months and then whenever.
Pet Parent: Yes, yeah, directly. But he doesn't like it, but I have tried one. So he is not bothered to eat that.
Veterinarian: But try to change other companies, not other companies.
Pet Parent: Because?
Veterinarian: Yeah, I want to include that, but since I have brought him from PAN account with just one month, so let him get adjusted and then you can change it. Or you can also try any good food like.
Pet Parent: We have been on which?
Veterinarian: Okay. You can give something.
Pet Parent: Okay, pure.
Veterinarian: Okay. Like a pure. You can put some daan in it and then just try to incorporate some food and then commercial them.
Pet Parent: But here and there I give trees.
Veterinarian: Okay, that is fine. But the thing is they want to drink much water.
Pet Parent: There is, I have only, yeah.
Veterinarian: Generally, they tend to water very dense. So that's why we have water fountain water. So he is rewarding with that and having water, then it's fine.
Veterinarian: From that, even if he does properly, there is no issue in that.
Veterinarian: So apart from this, if you notice any issue anywhere else, then you try to.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: Whenever you go for grooming, at that time you can.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: I had a plan to get improved little extra for wherever.
Pet Parent: Yes, trimming.
Veterinarian: Yeah, trimming. Not completely like shaving off, but a little. But I think after two months it will be better.
Veterinarian: Now just daily. It's the infection process like this, even after using this.
Veterinarian: Then you go for, better for go for cleaning completely and then examine properly.
Veterinarian: Like, in other sizes the infection is, I didn't know this anywhere else, only over the tail.
Veterinarian: That is, I think that is because of excess oil secretion.
Pet Parent: She was not back since, you know, right?
Pet Parent: And also back in my hometown, we go outside. We have a yard outside.
Veterinarian: Okay.
Pet Parent: No ticks, right?
Veterinarian: No ticks.
Pet Parent: He had a tick when I got him home.
Pet Parent: Then he used one of the medicines when I had a cotton.
Pet Parent: Yeah.
Pet Parent: So, once in a while he used.
Pet Parent: After that, I made him in class then he was not happy with that.
Pet Parent: He got angry.
Veterinarian: Okay.