Veterinarian: Hi Rakesh, Bunny. How is your cat? She looks a little dull today.
Pet Parent: Hi doctor. She has been very low since yesterday. She is not vomiting but she is lying in one place. She has been silent and not eating recently.
Veterinarian: Actually, how is she? I changed her food only last week, but she was eating until two days ago. Suddenly she stopped eating.
Pet Parent: Yes, doctor. Now I will check her temperature.
Veterinarian: Okay.
Pet Parent: It is 103.5 degrees Fahrenheit.
Veterinarian: She has a fever.
Pet Parent: Doctor, is it serious?
Veterinarian: Don't worry. Fever is common in cats. Sometimes it is viral, sometimes due to stress. It can be both. Have there been any changes at home recently or travel around your house?
Pet Parent: Yes, actually the house was painted recently. There was a full smell and sound, and maybe she got stressed because of that.
Veterinarian: Yes, cats commonly get stressed by sudden changes. I will give her a fever injection and one appetite stimulant.
Pet Parent: Sorry doctor, at home I have a humidifier.
Veterinarian: You keep her in a quiet room. Because of the paint smell and noise, keep her in that room and give her wet food which has a strong smell. It might tempt her to eat and improve her appetite. Water is important.
Pet Parent: I will make sure that she is always drinking water. She is not drinking any water.
Veterinarian: The most important thing is lukewarm water or chicken broth. Add a little salt. Boil it well. If she is not drinking any kind of fluids, then we might have to put her on fluids immediately.
Pet Parent: Okay, doctor.
Veterinarian: Even boiled chicken is good.
Pet Parent: Okay, that would be perfect. Even boiled chicken.
Veterinarian: Are you giving her too much? Drastic changes might upset her stomach.
Pet Parent: Sorry doctor, how about medicine?
Veterinarian: I will give you liquid medicine so that it is easy to give her. You can put the drops in the broth or lukewarm water.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: If she is not taking it, you can drop the chicken broth with medicine using a syringe and put it on the side of her mouth. In case she spits it out and has not taken any medication.
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: If in two days the appetite is not back and she is very lethargic, then we will do a blood test and see if there is any other issue.
Pet Parent: Sorry doctor, thank you so much.
Veterinarian: No problem, bye.
Pet Parent: Thank you.