Pet Parent: Hi Shiksha, how are you doing?
Veterinarian: I am fine doctor, how are you?
Pet Parent: Great. So tell me, what now, what happened?
Pet Parent: Yeah, so this is my pet Oreo, he is three years old, he is a Labrador breed and I've recently adopted him. It's been weeks. Today, out of my notice, he went out on the road and then he got bitten by a street dog. They got into a fight apparently. He's a little bruised near his thigh. He's not actually bleeding, but there are marks. So can you please take a look at that?
Veterinarian: Okay. So Oreo is how old?
Pet Parent: Three years.
Veterinarian: And you've just adopted?
Pet Parent: Yeah. Just adopted.
Veterinarian: And has he been vaccinated before?
Pet Parent: No. Nothing of the vaccinations have been done because I have recently adopted him. It's still pending, all of it.
Veterinarian: Okay. So when did this bite happen?
Pet Parent: I think it's been one hour or so.
Veterinarian: One hour?
Pet Parent: Yeah.
Veterinarian: Okay. So he has not been vaccinated, and it might have happened one hour before. Deworming has been done?
Pet Parent: No.
Veterinarian: Before?
Pet Parent: No.
Veterinarian: Tick and flea control, anything?
Pet Parent: Nothing else.
Veterinarian: Okay. So let me take a look at him and see.
Veterinarian: Okay. So I just did an examination. There are a few things. One thing is that there is a small wound which is there.
Veterinarian: So two major things related to that. Because he is bitten by another street dog who's not vaccinated before, and he's also not vaccinated. The risk in terms of rabies is pretty high.
Veterinarian: So you need to take an antirabies vaccine. Five doses, zero, third, seventh, fourteenth, and twenty eighth day. You must take antirabies vaccine post exposure.
Veterinarian: Also, the wound needs to be taken care of. We are going to be dressing the wound area. We're going to start him on antibiotics. Antibiotics are going to be there for five days. I'll give you some more ointments to apply on that area. You're going to have to take good care of that wound. Probably have to keep him inside only.
Veterinarian: So even if we take the vaccine, there are chances that rabies is going to happen because he's not vaccinated before. Rabies is the only disease wherein you take a vaccine after the infectious event has happened because rabies takes some time to show up.
Veterinarian: The vaccine will help in between that time. It'll build antibodies in between that time and you'll get protected. But still, there can be cases wherein rabies happened before and you are not protected from the vaccine.
Veterinarian: What are the chances of that happening? Chances are not that big, but you should take care of the situation properly. It is always better that you take the vaccine also, antirabies vaccine, because you don't know whether he'll get infected with rabies or not.
Veterinarian: So you're supposed to keep him under observation. There is not a lot of data supporting this, but six months would be a fair time. You can see if he's having some symptoms or anything like that.
Veterinarian: So it's better if you take the vaccine. Are you happy to take his vaccine also?
Pet Parent: Okay.
Veterinarian: Another thing is his deworming has not been done. You have to get him dewormed. Again, if he has a lot of worm burden, this vaccine might not mount full effect.Veterinarian: Ok. And the vaccine will help in between that time. It'll build antibodies in between that time and you'll get protected. But still, there can be cases wherein rabies happened before and you are not protected from the vaccine. What are the chances of that being happening? Chances are not that big, but you should take care of the situation properly. It is always better that you take the vaccine also, anti rabies vaccine. Because you don't know, right, whether he'll get infected with rabies or not. So you're supposed to keep him at observation for the there is not a lot of data supporting this, but six months would be a fair time. Ok. You can see if he's having some symptoms or anything like that. Ok. Yeah. So it's better if you take vaccine. You're happy to take his vaccine also. Ok. Ok. Another thing is his deworming has not been done. You have to get him dewormed. Again, if he has a lot of worm burden, this vaccine might not mount full effect. Ok. Ok. Ok? So the animal should mount full effect against the vaccine. So deworming has to be done today itself. Ok. Ok. Not yet. And tick and flea. A lot of ticks are there on his body. Tick and flea control also need to be done. So I will prescribe tablet called Bravecto for tick and flea problems, and I'll prescribe a deworming tablet. Both you have to give today itself. Ok. I'll give a pain medication now so that this pain from the wound is under control. And I'll prescribe an antibiotic for a few days. Ok. Ok. So you have to book the follow-up consultation, say, one week down the line. Ok. Five days would be a good number because I'll be writing antibiotics for only five days. Five days down the line, one more consultation need to be booked. Ok. We'll see how the wound is healing. Ok. Also, in between vaccination dates will also be there. So you can either call me for the vaccine or you can take him to the nearest hospital for the vaccine. Ok. Ok? Yeah. Again, I'm telling you very important vaccination is really important. The second vaccine, another one more vaccine is there to be taken for him. We don't need to take it right now, but it is a core vaccine. And it is a kind of vaccine that is very important to be taken in case of pets. It's called MCV. Ok. Once these five doses are over, after a two weeks gap, we can start taking that also so that he doesn't get infected with some other digital infections that can happen. Sure. Ok. Ok? Any doubts? No. I'm sorry. Ok. Ok. Ok. So I'll take the vaccine. I've taken the vaccine. You've given the injection also? Yeah. I'm giving you the prescription. Yeah. Ok. If you have any doubt, keep me in the loop. Ok. Ok? Thank you. Thank you, doctor. Ok.