{
  "Subjective": "Pet parent reports that Milo, a 1.4-year-old dog weighing approximately 5 kg, has started scratching an affected area near the tail. The dog stays mostly indoors and receives grooming every two weeks. No recent exposure to ticks, and previous tick treatment was given when the dog was acquired. The pet parent has noticed mild fever post-vaccination.",
  "Objective": "Physical examination not performed during this consultation. Weight reported as 5 kg. Mild fever noted as a possible vaccine reaction. Affected area near the tail shows signs of infection likely due to excess oil secretion. No ticks observed. Feeding includes a mix of commercial food and some natural items like daan and trees. Water intake appears adequate, with water fountain water provided.",
  "Assessment": "Milo is experiencing a mild skin infection near the tail area, likely due to excess oil secretion (seborrhea). Mild fever is consistent with a post-vaccination reaction. No evidence of tick infestation. Overall health appears stable with appropriate weight for age.",
  "Plan": "1. Apply prescribed topical ointment to the affected area after gently wiping with pet wipes or a copper and debo motor solution.\n2. Trim hair around the affected area using a trimmer before ointment application to improve efficacy.\n3. Continue regular grooming every two weeks; consider more thorough cleaning if infection persists.\n4. Administer one tablet medication as prescribed, dosage based on weight (5 kg).\n5. Monitor for any worsening symptoms or new issues.\n6. Maintain current feeding regimen with possible introduction of high-quality commercial food mixed with natural items like daan.\n7. Ensure adequate water intake using a water fountain.\n8. Follow up if symptoms do not improve or if new concerns arise.",
  "Conclusion": "Milo has a mild skin infection near the tail likely caused by excess oil secretion and mild fever related to recent vaccination. Treatment with topical ointment and oral medication is recommended along with grooming and hygiene measures. Overall condition is stable with no signs of tick infestation.",
  "DifferentialDiagnosis": "1. Seborrhea or excess oil secretion causing skin irritation and infection.\n2. Allergic dermatitis leading to scratching and secondary infection.\n3. Parasitic infestation unlikely given no ticks observed and prior treatment.\n4. Vaccine-related mild fever as a transient reaction.",
  "KeyIssues": "1. Skin infection near tail due to excess oil secretion\n2. mild post-vaccination fever\n3. scratching behavior\n4. grooming and hygiene management\n5. feeding and hydration status.",
  "AbnormalFindings": "1. Affected skin area near tail with signs of infection and scratching.\n2. Mild fever post-vaccination.\n3. No ticks detected.",
  "CustomerInstructions": "1. Wipe the affected area gently with pet wipes or copper and debo motor solution before applying the ointment.\n2. Trim hair around the affected area to allow better ointment absorption.\n3. Administer the prescribed tablet as directed.\n4. Maintain regular grooming and monitor the skin condition.\n5. Provide a balanced diet and ensure adequate water intake.\n6. Watch for any worsening of symptoms or new signs and report if they occur.",
  "FollowUpInstructions": "1. Reassess the skin condition after 2-3 days of treatment.\n2. If no improvement or worsening occurs, bring Milo for a clinical examination.\n3. Continue monitoring for any adverse reactions to medication or vaccination.\n4. Schedule next grooming session as planned.",
  "FollowUpReminders": "1. Reminder to check skin condition in 2-3 days post-treatment initiation.\n2. Follow up if symptoms persist beyond one week or if new symptoms develop.",
  "Protocols": "Yearly vaccination protocol followed. Tick prevention previously administered. Skin infection management includes topical ointment application, hair trimming, and oral medication. Feeding protocol includes gradual introduction of high-quality commercial food mixed with natural items. Hydration encouraged with water fountain water.",
  "Vitals": "Weight approximately 5 kg. Mild fever noted post-vaccination. No other vital signs available from this consultation.",
  "Reminders": "1. Monitor for signs of worsening skin infection or systemic illness.\n2. Maintain regular grooming and hygiene.\n3. Ensure vaccination schedule is up to date.\n4. Observe for any adverse reactions to medications or vaccines."
}