Pet Parent: Hi I am fine doctor, how are you? I am doing great. So we have booked a consultation for Oreo right? Yeah right right. So if my information is right Oreo is a 5 year old male Labrador right? Yes correct. And how is Oreo doing generally? Good? Generally, he is a very playful dog. He is a very good boy. But like if I talk about the symptoms recently, like for a week I have been noticing he has been very lazy and he is not, you know, being playful like he always do. So, and also I have particularly noticed that after, you know, taking rest for a while, he is not willing to wake up. He is having some kind of a walking problem is what I have noticed. So, when you say he is generally very playful and right now for a week he has not been playful. What do you mean? Like generally how many hours he played? I mean, there's not exact count, but yeah, he's generally, like, for the whole day, he's very active, like, even if, or I would say two times, two hours a day, like, he's playing, like, properly, but then for a week now, it has drastically reduced. Drastically reduced to how much? I mean, it's not more than 30 minutes to be very, uh, specific. But yeah, and also I have noticed him facing a problem while he is walking. And I have noticed he is not willing to wake up or walk for a distance. He is usually laying down in one corner, especially after he is done resting for a while. And that's not usually how he is. So I am really concerned about what has happened, what has gone wrong with that. Is he showing some whining or something like that while just getting up and walking? Yeah, yeah, right. I have been noticing that and also along with, you know, he's not, again, as I told, he's not able to walk properly. Like his posture is very, you know, unusual. Okay, so help me understand better. He's vaccinated and dewormed, right? Yes, yes, yes. Last month only I did it. I mean, both the vaccination and deworming is done. What about tick and flee control? No, actually tick and flee has to be done. It has not done yet. Not been done? No. Okay, so you've never done tick and pill control? I have done it but like it's been a while now. Okay, okay. So, okay, so he has become very lazy. Yes, yes. Okay, okay. So let me do one thing. Let me examine him and let's see. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, so I've examined Oreo. So two, three things I'll have to tell you. So One thing is you have to do the tachycine free control. That's very important. So you need to, depending on the medication that you are using, say there are some molecules called fibroblan and esmetopril which need to be done every month around. There are some agents called floralana which will give you around 3 months of protection. There are other agents called saralana which gives you 1 month protection. Again more agents are there, moxeduct imidogloprid is there which gives you around 1 month protection. Again salamitin is there which gives you around one more protection but always better to go with Florina also called Bravitu. So I will give you the prescription according to give you the prescription for everything. I will put an or you can select and buy. So the second thing is that I have examined him on neurological things and orthopedic things regarding nervous system and bones. So I have not found anything significant neurologically He is doing perfectly fine. But I have observed some problems in his hip joint. So there is a test called ultralining test which I did which came out to be positive. But that's a very passive way of testing. You have to do a confirmatory test using an X-ray wherein we tried to measure an angle called the noble angle. gives a confirmatory diagnosis on whether the animal is having the disease that I am suspecting. Okay. Also I am a little concerned about his stifled joint. The kind of symptoms that you said can be something related to something called patellar luxation. That can also happen. Okay. of different angles. Antiloposteral also you need to done, lateral also you need to done. But also spine also I just want to take, you to take. Because sometimes it can be a combination of spinal things also. It can be neurological, pain might be there but you will not find it in the reflexes. So, I want to take him to the hospital. Ummm, is there any other way like can 
Veterinarian: Let me examine him and let's see. Okay, so I've examined Oreo. So two, three things I'll have to tell you. So One thing is you have to do the tachycine free control. That's very important. So you need to, depending on the medication that you are using, say there are some molecules called fibroblan and esmetopril which need to be done every month around. There are some agents called floralana which will give you around 3 months of protection. There are other agents called saralana which gives you 1 month protection. Again more agents are there, moxeduct imidogloprid is there which gives you around 1 month protection. Again salamitin is there which gives you around one more protection but always better to go with Florina also called Bravitu. So I will give you the prescription according to give you the prescription for everything. I will put an or you can select and buy. So the second thing is that I have examined him on neurological things and orthopedic things regarding nervous system and bones. So I have not found anything significant neurologically He is doing perfectly fine. But I have observed some problems in his hip joint. So there is a test called ultralining test which I did which came out to be positive. But that's a very passive way of testing. You have to do a confirmatory test using an X-ray wherein we tried to measure an angle called the noble angle. gives a confirmatory diagnosis on whether the animal is having the disease that I am suspecting. Okay. Also I am a little concerned about his stifled joint. The kind of symptoms that you said can be something related to something called patellar luxation. That can also happen. Okay. of different angles. Antiloposteral also you need to done, lateral also you need to done. But also spine also I just want to take, you to take. Because sometimes it can be a combination of spinal things also. It can be neurological, pain might be there but you will not find it in the reflexes. So, I want to take him to the hospital.Veterinarian: Oreo is doing perfectly fine neurologically. But I have observed some problems in his hip joint. So there is a test called ultralining test which I did which came out to be positive. But that's a very passive way of testing. You have to do a confirmatory test using an X-ray wherein we tried to measure an angle called the noble angle. gives a confirmatory diagnosis on whether the animal is having the disease that I am suspecting. Okay. Also I am a little concerned about his stifled joint. The kind of symptoms that you said can be something related to something called patellar luxation. That can also happen. Okay. of different angles. Antiloposteral also you need to done, lateral also you need to done. But also spine also I just want to take, you to take. Because sometimes it can be a combination of spinal things also. It can be neurological, pain might be there but you will not find it in the reflexes. So, I want to take him to the hospital. Ummm, is there any other way like can it be done at home? Because you know see I have been working all week and I usually don't get time okay I come home late also sometimes and also I'm a little concerned when it's about taking your pet to the clinic because there's you know chances of infections and there's you know there's a very less concern I have so I usually don't prefer taking my pet to the clinic so could you suggest some way that we can do it at home itself? concern it's not a problem I just want it to be done at home because I want I you know I don't want to be concerned about the care less the money I'm not concerned about it can be I'm very flexible with it just just can you do it at home instead of going to clinic so it is not always about the money sometimes you have to do certain things so that the diagnosis can be done properly so that the treatment is right okay so again can you please bring him to hospital I am really concerned about the cleanliness and the kinds of inspection because I have had my recent colleagues have faced the same thing. They had their pets who got infectious and the condition got worse after they went to the clinic. So I am really concerned about that. So could you please understand my point? Okay, understandable. Perfectly understandable. Okay, so then I will do one thing. First thing, he is very obese. What do you feed him generally? I generally feed him the home food like you know the rice and sambar usually. He eats a lot? He eats twice a day but then yeah the quantity is a little more like it's more you know you can say one fourth bowl or something like that. No vegetables nothing? No, no there's no vegetables. Once in a while I give him egg whites or something but basically it's just rice and sambar. Okay so the problem is that he is very obese. So generally, Labrador's are obese. So we might not be knowing because all the Labrador's are obese. But the condition that I am suspecting him of is something called hip dysplasia. Where you have this, you know about ball and socket joints right? Yeah. So our hip joint is also ball and socket joint. In hip dysplasia, dysplasia means going into an ancient version. Like it's a degenerative condition. Okay. So something is generated now it will go degenerated like it is going into a like you know not a proper working thing. Okay. So the socket of the bone and socket joint socket is getting lesser in like the socket coverage of the bone is reducing. Okay. Socket coverage of the bone is getting reduced. So what happens is that when the socket coverage of the bone is getting reduced the ball in the balance of your joint will start fumbling around. Okay, I know that. So moving ahead, it can be a severe version, say grade 3, hip dysplasia, which becomes very difficult to manage. Okay, I see. And from the physical examination itself, up to a certain level, it is properly diagnosable. Okay. So auto-lanternance is positive, which means high chances of hip dysplasia. So first thing for this is to control the body weight. Even 1 pound reduction in body weight can give a massive relief when it comes to your dyspreciation. Okay, got it. So the thing is that 1 pound is getting concentrated to that much smaller area of the socket, right? So moving ahead, if the body weight is reduced, the pressure will come down and
Pet Parent: I have been working all week and I usually don't get time okay I come home late also sometimes and also I'm a little concerned when it's about taking your pet to the clinic because there's you know chances of infections and there's you know there's a very less concern I have so I usually don't prefer taking my pet to the clinic so could you suggest some way that we can do it at home itself? concern it's not a problem I just want it to be done at home because I want I you know I don't want to be concerned about the care less the money I'm not concerned about it can be I'm very flexible with it just just can you do it at home instead of going to clinicVeterinarian: Okay. So the socket of the bone and socket joint socket is getting lesser in like the socket coverage of the bone is reducing. Okay. Socket coverage of the bone is getting reduced. So what happens is that when the socket coverage of the bone is getting reduced the ball in the balance of your joint will start fumbling around. Okay, I know that. So moving ahead, it can be a severe version, say grade 3, hip dysplasia, which becomes very difficult to manage. Okay, I see. And from the physical examination itself, up to a certain level, it is properly diagnosable. Okay. So auto-lanternance is positive, which means high chances of hip dysplasia. So first thing for this is to control the body weight. Even 1 pound reduction in body weight can give a massive relief when it comes to your dyspreciation. Okay, got it. So the thing is that 1 pound is getting concentrated to that much smaller area of the socket, right? So moving ahead, if the body weight is reduced, the pressure will come down and the dyspreciation will, the symptoms will start reducing and the degeneration, the pace of degeneration can also reduce. Okay, okay. Okay? I will prescribe you a certain medication for the pain management. On top of that, to improve the joint quality, I'll prescribe a supplement. The name of the supplement is Contraway Force Etching. The name of the medication is Spirocoxin, which is a very tolerable, long term usable pain medication. Long term usage might not be required. Secondly, thirdly, I'm going to prescribe you a supplement, another supplement, omega 3, omega 6 fatty acids. So that will help in again reducing the symptoms and help reduce the inflammation. Okay. Okay. This thing if not properly managed can turn into arthritis also. Okay. Which can again complicate things. So early management is very required. So right now start these medications. On top of that controlling obesity is important. Okay. So I'll prescribe you an obesity diet. Yeah. Which you can use for some time. till the body weight is becoming proper and the body condition score is getting proper. After that we will stop these medications and convert into a joint type so the joint quality improves. Okay I see. You will have to start doing physiotherapy also. I will give a written detail about how the physiotherapy can be done. If you can take him for swimming it will be great. Okay. High impact exercises should be avoided. Again, high impact exercises will cause more pressure onto the joint, right? Okay, okay. Just like how body weight is creating pressure, high impact exercises, jumping immediately. Yeah, yeah. Landing on the floor immediately will create more pressure on the joint, right? Right. That can also worsen the condition. Right, right. That should be avoided. Right. Take him for a walk, take him for a swim, make him walk in sandy surfaces. Yeah. Make him go to a beach and make him walk on the beach. make him walk on the lawns and everything. So what you can do is you can do something about a sit stand step exercise. Make him sit, make him stand, make him step and give a treat. Repeat that continuously. So that the joint movement happens. It will help improve the blood circulation towards the joint and help reduce the degeneration. Right, okay. If all these things are done properly, we will be able to manage this. There is no cure for this. There is a surgical intervention that can be done which is called FHO. femoral head and neck obstetomy which can be done later if required we will do that but till then it can be properly managed I will give you the prescription on all of these things in order to the detailed plan on how needed this need to be done okay perfect how it is clear with you yes yes perfectly fine okay okay thank you okay then yeah okay take care thank you thank you
Pet Parent: Oreo, 5yo, male, Labrador