{
  "Subjective": "Ishidzu, a one and a half year old, presented with symptoms of head shaking and holding the head tilted to the left side for 2-3 days. The owner reports poor appetite during this period.",
  "Objective": "Physical examination revealed a foreign body in the left ear and yeast infection in the right ear. Ear cleaning was performed. The patient is currently receiving Cefpodoxime syrup 3ml orally.",
  "Assessment": "Foreign body in the left ear with concurrent yeast infection in the right ear causing discomfort and head shaking. Possible otitis externa due to yeast infection and foreign body irritation.",
  "Plan": "Continue Cefpodoxime syrup orally for another 5-7 days. Use Easotic ear drops once daily for 5 days. Monitor response to treatment. If symptoms persist, perform ear swab for culture and sensitivity to guide further therapy.",
  "Conclusion": "Ishidzu is being treated for ear foreign body and yeast infection with antibiotics and antifungal ear drops. Follow-up is necessary to ensure resolution of symptoms.",
  "DifferentialDiagnosis": "Otitis externa due to foreign body and yeast infection; possible secondary bacterial infection; ear mite infestation (less likely).",
  "KeyIssues": "Head shaking, ear foreign body, yeast infection, poor appetite, need for follow-up and possible culture.",
  "AbnormalFindings": "Foreign body in left ear, yeast growth in right ear, head tilt to left side, decreased appetite.",
  "CustomerInstructions": "Administer Cefpodoxime syrup 3ml orally as directed for 5-7 more days. Apply Easotic ear drops once daily for 5 days. Avoid touching or inserting anything into the ears. Monitor for improvement in head shaking and appetite. Return for recheck or if symptoms worsen.",
  "Protocols": "Ear cleaning performed. Antibiotic therapy with Cefpodoxime syrup continued. Antifungal therapy with Easotic ear drops prescribed. Culture and sensitivity planned if no improvement.",
  "Vitals": "",
  "Reminders": "Schedule follow-up appointment in 5-7 days. If no improvement, perform ear swab culture and sensitivity. Monitor for signs of pain or worsening symptoms."
}