{
  "Subjective": "Oreo, a 5-year-old male Labrador, has been less playful and more lethargic for about a week. Owner reports Oreo is reluctant to wake up and has difficulty walking, showing unusual posture and whining when moving. He usually plays about 2 hours a day but now only about 30 minutes. Owner feeds home-cooked diet mainly rice and sambar, with occasional egg whites. No recent tick and flea control has been done. Vaccinations and deworming are up to date.",
  "Objective": "Physical examination revealed no significant neurological deficits. Positive Ortolani test indicating hip joint laxity. Suspected hip dysplasia and possible patellar luxation. Oreo is obese. No abnormalities detected in reflexes. Orthopedic exam shows issues in hip joint and concerns about stifle joint. Recommended confirmatory X-rays including Norberg angle measurement, anteroposterior and lateral views, and spinal imaging. No immediate signs of neurological disease.",
  "Assessment": "High suspicion of hip dysplasia with possible patellar luxation contributing to clinical signs of lameness, reluctance to move, and pain. Obesity likely exacerbating joint stress. No neurological deficits noted. Risk of progression to arthritis if untreated. Owner's concern about clinic visits noted; however, diagnostic imaging at hospital is necessary for confirmation and appropriate treatment planning.",
  "Plan": "1. Initiate flea and tick control with options including Bravecto (Florina), fibroblan and esmetopril, saralana, moxeduct imidogloprid, or salamitin as per owner preference.\n2. Prescribe Spirocoxin for pain management.\n3. Prescribe Contraway Force Etching joint supplement and omega 3 and omega 6 fatty acids to reduce inflammation and improve joint health.\n4. Recommend weight management with a prescribed obesity diet to reduce joint load; even 1 pound weight loss can significantly relieve symptoms.\n5. Advise physiotherapy including sit-stand-step exercises, swimming, and walking on soft surfaces like sand or lawns; avoid high-impact activities.\n6. Schedule confirmatory diagnostic imaging (X-rays) including Norberg angle measurement and spinal views at hospital.\n7. Educate owner on disease progression and potential surgical intervention (FHO) if conservative management fails.\n8. Provide written instructions for home physiotherapy exercises.\n9. Follow-up to monitor response to treatment and weight loss progress.",
  "Conclusion": "Oreo is likely suffering from hip dysplasia exacerbated by obesity, causing pain and mobility issues. Early intervention with weight control, pain management, joint supplements, and physiotherapy is essential to improve quality of life and delay progression. Confirmatory imaging is necessary for definitive diagnosis and treatment planning.",
  "DifferentialDiagnosis": "Hip dysplasia, patellar luxation, arthritis, spinal pain or neurological conditions (less likely given normal neurological exam).",
  "KeyIssues": "Obesity, hip joint laxity (positive Ortolani test), decreased activity and playfulness, pain on movement, lack of recent flea and tick control.",
  "AbnormalFindings": "Positive Ortolani test indicating hip joint laxity, obesity, unusual posture, reluctance to move, whining on walking, decreased activity.",
  "CustomerInstructions": "Administer prescribed flea and tick control monthly or as directed. Follow medication schedule for pain and joint supplements. Implement obesity diet strictly and monitor food intake. Perform recommended physiotherapy exercises daily. Avoid high-impact activities and encourage swimming and walking on soft surfaces. Bring Oreo for scheduled diagnostic imaging at hospital. Monitor for any worsening signs and report immediately.",
  "Protocols": "Monthly flea and tick control with options including Bravecto or other prescribed agents. Pain management with Spirocoxin as per dosage instructions. Joint supplementation with Contraway Force Etching and omega fatty acids. Weight management diet protocol until ideal body condition achieved. Physiotherapy exercises daily as instructed. Diagnostic imaging protocol includes X-rays with Norberg angle measurement and spinal views.",
  "Vitals": "Not explicitly recorded in transcript; physical exam normal except obesity noted.",
  "Reminders": "Ensure owner understands importance of hospital visit for diagnostic imaging despite concerns. Emphasize weight loss benefits. Monitor for signs of arthritis development. Reassess joint status and pain control regularly."
}