{
  "Subjective": "Ishidzu, a one and a half year old dog, presented with symptoms of head shaking and holding the head tilted to the left side for 2-3 days. The owner reports decreased appetite during this period.",
  "Objective": "Physical examination revealed a foreign body in the left ear and yeast infection in the right ear. Ear cleaning was performed. The patient is currently receiving Cefpodoxime syrup 3ml orally.",
  "Assessment": "Foreign body in the left ear with concurrent yeast infection in the right ear causing otitis externa. Symptoms include head shaking, head tilt, and decreased appetite likely due to discomfort and infection.",
  "Plan": "Continue Cefpodoxime syrup 3ml orally for another 5-7 days. Administer Easotic ear drops once daily for 5 days. Monitor response to treatment. If symptoms persist, perform ear swab culture and sensitivity testing to guide further therapy.",
  "Conclusion": "Ishidzu is being treated for bilateral ear issues: foreign body and yeast infection. Treatment includes ear cleaning, antifungal ear drops, and systemic antibiotics. Follow-up is necessary to ensure resolution.",
  "DifferentialDiagnosis": "Otitis externa due to foreign body and yeast infection; possible secondary bacterial infection; consider otitis media if symptoms persist.",
  "KeyIssues": "Foreign body in left ear, yeast infection in right ear, head shaking, head tilt, decreased appetite.",
  "AbnormalFindings": "Foreign body in left ear canal; yeast growth in right ear canal; head tilt to left side; decreased appetite.",
  "CustomerInstructions": "Administer Cefpodoxime syrup 3ml orally as directed for 5-7 more days. Apply Easotic ear drops once daily for 5 days. Avoid water entering ears during treatment. Monitor for improvement in head shaking and appetite. Return for recheck or if symptoms worsen.",
  "Protocols": "Ear cleaning performed. Prescribed systemic antibiotic (Cefpodoxime) and antifungal ear drops (Easotic). Plan for ear swab culture if no improvement after treatment course.",
  "Vitals": "",
  "Reminders": "Schedule follow-up appointment after completion of medication. Consider ear swab culture and sensitivity if no clinical improvement. Educate owner on signs of worsening infection or discomfort."
}