What's the breakfast menu kind of? You didn't know, it's ok. You're not giving any raw food, right? Raw meat or raw fish, nothing? We just started last Wednesday. Ok ok. Last Wednesday she she ate completely. Okay. Okay. Okay. You can just add gradually, like, with who is this? I don't see nothing more. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Ok ok ok, got it, got it, got got it, got it. And you're not sure if you have written anything like earlier? She's my sister. Ok. She and me most of the time I know. Ok. Ok ok ok ok. Got it got it got it. Sometimes if they eat any spicy food or anything sometimes you know right a gastric upset can happen and we will check the temperature if the temperature is high or anything. Ok ok ok ok वेदी ok. Who is this cute boy? Who is this cute girl? Who is this cute girl? Ok. You're sure that there is no fix or trees in that, right? There will be a few. Ok ok. You're doing the spot on thing regularly? Ok. Ok, let's wise. It's better if you can apply with spot on also. Because if we go and click one another, it will be visible. Ok ok ok ok ok ok. Who is this? Who is this? Ok ok ok ok done done done ready done done. One or two point one. The compressor is normal. I think I'll have to just examine her. Who is this? Who is this? Is this? Baby? I didn't want to, like, somewhere we can keep her an abdominal palpation. I want to yeah. You can take your time. Just give her some time. Then I'll be It's ok ok, fine. Ok ok ok, don't make it. She will be stressed then. Ok ok, thank you. Ok. Ok. No no no no, he become, is this male or female? Yes, he become very suspicious. He got to know something is gonna happen because he's so out holding her, ma'am. Yes. Ok. So how about little box management? Like, how many liters you have? Ok they all use only one heater. Ok Ok ok. They are all five feet all day. Ok. So she might be very attached to you, right? I think nothing to worry. It might be just a gastritis because the temperature is normal only. If the temperature is in normal range, that might be due to Ok, I'm waiting for you. Ok, no no no, no no, no Ok ok, then then then I'm not gonna do anything by your scratching. They are vaccinated like for ARV and multi component, right? Both the vaccines आता है no? You haven't noticed her peaking out, no? No. No vomiting. No vomiting. Ok ok ok ok, got you. She's having mild pain in the stomach part. Yes. Yes. Gastritis. And I can feel some crepitation. Gastric glue that sound flashing sound also, I can see. So I think we need to stop by giving, like, solid food for now. At least for twenty four hours. You can just try if she is drinking water, you can just try to add some glucose glucose d, which is unflavored to that. It will, like, give her an instant energy. Twenty six. Ok ok ok ok. Twenty six. Ok ok this was the first dose. Yes nineteen twelve. Ok ok ok. Nineteen twelve. The second dose have to be there. That's not. Ok. It's better if you can not vaccinate them also because she is also She is four was very difficult. Yes, she is too active. She is very inactive. Yes yes. She is scared, like what kind of inactive to what extent inactive? She is a bit dehydrated maybe she has not Yeah if you can hold like this or somewhere afterward we can give some subcutaneous fluid. But she is active right? Did you her recently? Like, did you weigh her recently while before giving that the dewormar? No, we have, yeah. Yeah. Yes yes. Yes yes. How many times you feed her? Like, chicken, only chicken, like, or gravy food? We'll discuss to ना. Ok ok. And he's dietitian for Ok. And sometimes rice, curd rice. Ok, you can just slowly, gradually change the glaze with sugar and start solid food. For now I think for twenty four hours at least we need to give her bland diet only. Like, if she is ok with the curd, you can give curd, right? Just mash the rice as as just like a porridge form and just add some chicken strand, which is only void with little of turmeric. Don't use any other spices for them. That will create this thing. And you can give some broth. Like, if you can add some pumpkins and carrots to that, soup type of kind of thing. But again, you have to add it little while later. Like, slowly, you have to give her. So you don't think the chicken has done anything, right? So last Wednesday. I don't think so. Is Yes yes, it won't take that much time and whenever they give a whole quantity of food, they will eat. That is like kitten and puppies. They will eat all of the sudden and then they'll get that upset. They'll be not eating. It can be regular chicken but it has been one month, one week no. So there is a less chance but again within two days or two days back if she has gotten an, if she has got something else and it has. But I don't feel like any boring boring. Do you think she eats this and that like not apart from food? Food I just need yeah, they have some tendency to It's better if you are not giving them our food because our pH and their pH, everything is different, you know, right? Yeah, it will create some problems with the gastric or the arthritis or sometimes it can, if they are, sometimes they'll be onto that and they'll eat चपाती and all. Whatever they give, they'll eat. But again, at large chronic, if we are giving that continuously last time, it will happen. Just like in human cases, we'll get to know, right? Colitis and all. Sometimes we'll be eating all the five g foods. We'll be adapted to that. We think that we'll be adapted. And at last, we'll be getting those irritations in the bowel, IVF kind of things, later stages. It it can happen. That's why it's better if you're avoiding such this milk product. Milk product in the sense, curd is fine with all the cash. But some of the rarely, someone some some cash will show. Yes. Curd, you can continue giving. Just like curd rice, and rice should be smashed. You can put some chicken strands to that and broth. I would recommend for at least one day broth. If she is into water, then give her ample amount of water all the time and put some electrolyte. I'll if you want me to prescribe extra electrolyte, I'll prescribe that too. We'll give, I think we have, we'll give some subcutaneous fluid so that it will give some insulin. If that will be, give a hand on the skin, there will be blood formation that will absorb fluids. Yes. Ok, है. RLR. Ten hundred or twenty ml you can take it. Ok. Twenty ml in a month sir, you can take. Yeah. You can take that. Please. Please. Yes yes yes. It will be a bit painful. Okay? Sure. Good good girl. You are sure. Good girl you are. Just check check for ticks and fleas all the time, sir. It's dizzy sick fever is a bit fatal condition. If sick fever happens. And what about her urination? Did you see? No no no, not that much. No no no, only twenty ml we'll be able to give because she's only two kg, We can't be able to give that all of it. Yeah. Yeah. We'll see if she is not at all agreeing to that, we'll drop that. You can check. Just wait for three days and if it is not subsiding or if she if you feel like she is getting lethargic or weak, then take her to the hospital. Ok ok ok, got it, got it, got it, got it. There will be a blood. No need of pressing it. It will get absorbed slowly. Okay. She's active and all ना? Now she seems to be active. Yeah. This is actually just the sugar is lowered. This is not at all enough for the dehydration. Yeah yeah yeah. Ok. No issues, ma'am. Ok ok ok ok we are working fine. Just check if there is ticks or fleas. Tick fever can cause. Early signs of tick fever is like, they'll be lethargy. Sometimes they'll be having urination. Color will be brown, very yellow color. Is it very yellow? Yes. You can see for three days with this I'll be prescribing probiotic probiotic. That will the gut flora, gut microflora. And if you feel like for tomorrow also if you are feeling like she's not improving and she's getting weak and weak, no need to wait for three days. You have to take her to the hospital because sometimes we'll need to check the blood test and all and to see if it is tick fever or not. And she is black, Black in color, it will be very difficult to differentiate the ticks and all. So it's better if you can put the spot on. Spot on will clear the ticks for one month. But the thing is they should not leak. That's why they should be separated. At least for one hour since the time that it will get absorbed. So, yeah, I think we need to prescribe her one prevatic drug I think. I don't I can't say that she'll eat all of it suddenly. We can give her some probiotic and probiotic for a week so that it will help her if there is any irritation in the gut It will come come down and I'm prescribing one syrup which is just like human cake dry water. That is for wear to pet. So if it is the gastric trouble, that would go with that And you can just see if it is not improving, just take her to the hospital. For now, she seems okay. Her lymph node is normal. Her mucous membrane seems fine, and there is no painness, and you can just see the gum. If it is pink, that means that's okay. You have to see if it is getting paler. Got it, right? And the next thing you have to see is her body if it is on yellow. That can be jaunted. Yeah. So now for now, I think I have to prescribe prebiotic and the dry water. Hey, who is this? Yeah. You should not touch. That will get absorbed. Yes. It's subcut. No? Yeah. It will get a bit pain. Just it will absorb by its own. That is just fluid. But again, will be painful because we have pregnant and we have introduced that medicine into that. Just give me one minute, ma'am. No no no no, thanks no. That's fine, that's completely fine.