Hi Shiksha, how are you doing? I'm fine doctor. How are you? Great. Yeah. So tell me what now, what happened? Yeah, so like uh this is my pet Oreo his 3 years old he's a labrador breed and I've recently adopted him like it's been two weeks and today uh out of my notice he went out on the road and then he got bitten from a street dog. They got into a fight apparently. And he's he's a little bruised near his thigh. He's not actually bleeding bleeding but yeah there's like uh marks so can you please take a look on that. Okay so Oreo is how old? 3 years. 3 years. And you have just adopted. Yeah just adopted. And has he been vaccinated before? No no nothing of the vaccinations have been done because as I have recently adopted him it's still pending all of it. Okay okay. So uh when did this bite happen? I think it's been one hour or so. Yeah. One hour. Yeah. Okay so he has not been vaccinated and the bite happened one hour before. Deworming has been done? No. Before no? No. Tick and flea control I think nothing has been done. No. Nothing has been done. Okay uh okay. So let me take a look at him. Yeah. And see. Sure.

Okay. So uh I just did an examination. Okay. And um there are a few things. One thing uh is that there is a small wound which is there. Okay. Okay. So two major things related to that thing. Because it is bitten he is Oreo is bitten by another street dogs dog who is not vaccinated before. Yeah. Uh and he is also not vaccinated. The risk when it in terms of uh rabies is pretty high. Okay. So you need to take an anti-rabies vaccine. Okay. Five doses. Zeroth, third, seventh, fourteenth and twenty-eighth day. Okay. You must take anti-rabies vaccine post exposure. Okay okay. Also also uh the wound need to be taken care of. Okay. Okay so uh we are gonna be uh dressing the wound area. We are gonna start him on antibiotics. Okay. So antibiotics are gonna be there for five days. Okay. And uh I'll give you some ointments to apply on that area. Okay. And you're gonna have to take good care of that wound. Sure. Probably you will have to keep him inside only. Sure sure.

Okay. So even if we take the vaccine. Yeah. There are chances that rabies is gonna happen. How? Because he is not vaccinated before. Rabies is the only disease wherein you take a vaccine after the infectious event has happened. Because rabies takes some time to show up. Okay. And the vaccine will help in between that time. It will build antibodies in between that time and you will get protected. But still there can be cases wherein rabies happen before and you are not protected from the vaccine. What are the chances of that being happening? Chances are not that big but you should you should take care of you should take care of the situation properly. It is always better that you take the vaccine also. Anti-rabies vaccine. Because you don't know right whether he will get infected with rabies or not. So you are supposed to keep him under observation for there is not a lot of data supporting this but six months would be a fair time. Okay. You can see if he is having some symptoms or anything like that. Okay. Uh yeah. So it's better if you take vaccine you have to take his vaccine also. Okay. Okay.

Uh another thing is his deworming has not been done you have to get him dewormed. Again if he has a lot of worm burden this vaccine might not mount full effect. Okay okay. Okay. So the animal should mount full effect against the vaccine. So deworming has to be done today itself. Okay. Okay got it. Yeah. Uh and tick and flea a lot of ticks are there on his body. Tick and flea control also need to be done. So I will prescribe uh a tablet called bravecto for tick and flea problems and I'll prescribe a deworming tablet. Both you have to give today itself. Okay. I'll give a pain medication now. Hm. So that this uh pain from the wound is under control. And I'll prescribe an antibiotic for a few days. Okay. Okay. So um you have to book the follow up consultation say one week down the line. Okay. Five days will be a good number because I will be writing antibiotics for only five days. Five days down the line one more consultation need to be booked. Okay. We'll see how the wound is healing. Okay. Also in between vaccination dates will also be there. So you can either call me for the vaccine or you can take him to the nearest hospital for the vaccine. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Again I'm telling you very important vaccination is really important. Sure. The second vaccine another one more vaccine is there to be taken for him. We don't need to take it right now but it is a core vaccine. Since it is a kind of vaccine that is very important to be taken in case of pets. It's called MCV. Once these five doses are over after a two weeks gap we can start taking that also. So that he doesn't get infected with some other deadly infections that can happen. Sure. Okay. Okay any doubts? No no no I understood. Okay. Okay. Okay then. So I'll take the vaccine. I've taken the vaccine. Taken given the injection also. Yeah. Uh I am giving you the prescription. Yeah okay. If you have any doubt keep me in the loop. Sure sure. Okay. Thank you thank you doctor. Okay.